Prepare release v1.1.0 (#31)
falk-werner/note.py: README.md

- tkinter
- tkinter-tooltip
- tkinterweb
- ttkthemes
- Pillow
- pyyaml
- cmarkgfm

> You can installe these modules using the [requiremnts.txt](requirements.txt) file provided in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install these modules using the [requirements.txt](requirements.txt) file provided in this repository.
```
